Introduction
============
Hello my name is Andrew Hale. I am a product of the California Master Plan for Higher education. I come from a small suburb of Thousand Oaks with in the Greater Los Angeles area. I went to both Moorpark College for my Associates degree in Natural Science and then attended California State University Channel Islands to obtain my Bachelors of Science in Biochemistry. 
For those of you who have heard of CSU Channel Islands, I would like to state on record that it is not haunted. For those of you who haven't heard of CSU Channel Islands it is a small school nestled on the edge of the Santa Monica Mountains where I devolped a passion for Chemistry. My passion has been in basic science where I want to contribute to bodies of work that push our fundamental understanding of Biochemistry at a deeper level. My project at Channel Islands was involved in investigating the role that common water polutant Poly Chloro Biphenyls(PCBs) have on yeast growth rate and proteomic profile. 

During my time in undergrad I was constantly pushing myself to learn more. I have always pushed myself in both my personal and professional life. I taught myself how to code in python and devolped novel python scripts for the analysis of automated molecular weight determination from analytical ultracentrifugation data and streamlined oxygen consumption assays. In part of pushing myself I participated in two summer research programs. First in the lab of Weikai Li at Washington University in St. Louis, where I worked on a project aiming to create nanodiscs from MSP-Channel fusion proteins. Where I learned fundamental molecular biology techniques, namely cloning. I created, transformed and sequenced over 12 different vectors for this project over the span of two months. My second summer program was at University of California, Santa Barbara in Yang Hai's lab. In Yang Hai's lab we were interested in understanding the connection between protein structure and function, and how mold makes all the strange metabolites it does. My project was investigating 2-oxogluterate depent Hydrogenase SwnH2's role in Swainsonine biosynthesis. There I expressed a His-tag construct of SwnH2 and purified SwnH2 for the purposes of crystallography. During my 2 month stay I was able to determine the conditions for SwnH2 crystallization. After that I began my pursuit of my masters degree at University of California Davis where under the supervision of James Letts I worked on devolping soil-microbe *Paracoccus denitrificans* as a respiratory model to investigate the role the respiratory Supercomplexes have on Electron Transport Chain Biology. For my work on this project I was awarded a T-32 award and presented at the MCB department's retreat.

With that being said I am currently looking for work and I bring two things to the table. I work hard and I bring a good attitude. I believe in making positive impact in this world and the first step in that is how you treat people, I couple that feeling with an uncanny determination to reach any goal I set my mind to.
